---
title: Initial Release
layout: post
---
This web site is beginning to feel rather neglected. As a result, anyone reading
it would probably come to the conclusion that the Campus Tour app project is
dead. This is absolutely not true. In fact, today, we are making our initial
source code release. To find the code, visit the new "download" link at the top
of this page. There, you will find links to download the source as a tarball or
zip and also our git repository's clone URL. Also, the  "mockups" section has
been replace with screenshots of the initial release version of the app. A link
to the old "mockups" page is provided at the bottom of the screenshots for
reasons of historical interest.

Relatedly, future development will be carried out in the open. Although we will
obviously maintain private checkouts of the source, all code will be committed
back to the repository linked to on the downloads page. This is how we will
share code within our team, so if you maintain a checkout, you will be able to
keep up with development as it happens.

Finally, although the source is now publicly available, now is probably not a
very good time to start working with it. This is because the Campus Tour app is
about to enter a 2+ week period of heavy development and it will look very
different on the other side. For one, it will be rebranded as "tourworks" and
will move to a plugin-based architecture that allows third parties to more
easily create their own tours. For another, a number of new features will be
added, including the originally-promised system-managed tour functionality,
which does not exist in the initial release.
